{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9080\viewh8820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1. Run the file using the following command - python NetworkModels.py after cd to the Part 4 folder.\
2. This will create the following files:\
	i. AverageGlobalClusteringprefAtach.txt - this file contains the value of the average global clustering of the preferential attachment model.\
	ii. AverageGlobalClusteringRandomGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the average global clustering of the random graph.\
	iii. AverageGlobalClusteringSmallWorld.txt - this file contains the value of the average global clustering of the small world model graph.\
	iv. AverageLocalClusteringprefAtach.txt - this file contains the value of the average local clustering of the preferential attachment model.\
	v. AverageLocalClusteringRandomGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the average local clustering of the random graph.\
	vi. AverageLocalClusteringSmallWorld.txt - this file contains the value of the average local clustering of the small world model graph.\
	vii. AveragePathLengthPrefAttachModel.txt - this file contains the value of the average path length of the preferential attachment model.\
	viii. AveragePathLengthRandomGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the average path length of the random graph.\
	ix. AveragePathLengthsmallWorldGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the average path length of the small world model graph.\
	x. indegree_distribution_prefAtachGraph.eps - this is the degree distribution plot for the preferential attachment model.\
	xi. indegree_distribution_randomGraph.eps - this is the degree distribution plot for the random graph.\
	xii. indegree_distribution_smallWorldGraph.eps - this is the degree distribution plot for the small world model.\
	xiii. Top10DegreeCentralityValuesprefAtach.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 degree centrality values of the preferential attachment model\
	xiv. Top10DegreeCentralityValuesRandomGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 degree centrality values of the random graph\
	xv. Top10DegreeCentralityValuesSmallWorld.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 degree centrality values of the small world model\
	xvi. Top10PageRankValuesprefAtach.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 page rank values of the preferential attachment model\
	xvii. Top10PageRankValueRandomGraph.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 page rank values of the random graph\
	xviii. Top10PageRankValueSmallWorld.txt - this file contains the value of the top 10 page rank values of the small world model}